Adjust linking to new collaboration samples (#16847)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/next-js.md

</info-box>

Also, pay attention to the import path - this guide uses the [default import alias](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/configuring/absolute-imports-and-module-aliases) (@). If you did not configure it, change the path appropriately.

## How to?

### Using the editor with collaboration plugins

> We provide a few **ready-to-use integrations** featuring collaborative editing in Next.js applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide several **ready-to-use integrations** featuring collaborative editing in Next.js applications:
```
